---
title: L..
author: dragos
date: 2012-03-29T22:51:27+00:00
url: /l/
categories:
  - Red Wine
---

It’s been a while *since dreams…*

I see myself with a pencil in my hand, while

white sheets are laying in front of my eyes…

Yet every time I end up throwing everything

in a humiliating rage! _Blank!_

\_\_It’s been a while! Maybe I exaggerated holding your hand

in that bright afternoon, while walking in the park

Maybe… I just refuse to see what is in front of me

and dare to blindly dream of what  it’s not…

_Runaway!_

I don’t know if it is you or me…

or which of us can turn me more frightened than before

May be the growth of feelings from above the 18th floor balcony,

up to the countless glasses of _red wine_… and _roses_;

Yes… the _little red roses at your neck…_

I’m terrified that I’m falling more and more towards

the one result I’ve expected since the first dance –

I’m actually lost since!

And I won’t lie… I ran!

I had to pull the strings of yet another world…

I ran again and again since time has never chose it’s moments well…

And even now I’ll run! _Not yet the time, I guess…_

_I know you not! yet… _

From all the stars, from all the worlds,

from all the grains of sand standing at your feet

I wish I’d find the one to burn to dust into your sky

So all you wish would blossom…

So then I’d shine…

_know me! Say you want to know me!_

So say you _will_ open the door for me to enter, _Know all_

your wonders and your darkest secrets and all the nonsense,

the fears, the joy or sadness, the sweet or bitter madness;

and the shivers and all the other little dreams –

I’d let them tie me to your world …

_Jealous on the rain…_

Staying away… Not daring… Even the dreams are forbidden…

How could I let it go… how could I tell you I crave your kiss…

or even the almost shiver from the barely touch of your skin…

How could I tell you that every gaze I catch from you

is almost like a nectar fed to all my thoughts and dreams…

How could I break this awkward and frail balance surrounding our worlds…

_You give me a quiet mind, and I…_

_()…_ and yet I do not know you…

I do not know if it’s a spell or just another dream I dream

or if  I’ll ever get to fully learn this… _see you…_

_Play!_

Stop me! Say you want to stop me, now! And tell me…

Do you want to play for love? Say… Do you want to play for love?

 

 

<p style="text-align: right;">
  <span style="color: #888888;"><em>Probably the end of  this series…</em></span>
</p>
